Support configure sampling rate dynamically for service dimension on the backend side (#7554)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/trace-sampling.md

to understand why we called it `as consistent as possible` and `do their best to don't break the trace`.

## Set the sample rate
In **agent-analyzer** module, you will find `sampleRate` setting by the configuration `traceSampleRateSettingFile`.

```yaml
agent-analyzer:
  default:
    ...
    # The default sampling rate and the default trace latency time configured by the 'traceSampleRateSettingFile' file.
    traceSampleRateSettingFile: ${SW_TRACE_SAMPLE_RATE_SETTING_FILE:trace-sample-rate-setting.yml}
    forceSampleErrorSegment: ${SW_FORCE_SAMPLE_ERROR_SEGMENT:true} # When sampling mechanism activated, this config would make the error status segment sampled, ignoring the sampling rate.
```

> We can configure sampling rate dynamically not only default globally but for the specified services in `trace-sample-rate-setting.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default `trace-sample-rate-setting.yml` uses the following format.
```

```yaml
default:

>   # Default sampling rate that replaces the 'agent-analyzer.default.sampleRate' since version 8.7.0

Reviewer: This should be moved into changelog. This is a new file, and not codes, we don't need to remind our history. 
Also, `since 8.7.0` is wrong, 8.7.0 has released, we are running 8.8.0-dev.

  # The sample rate precision is 1/10000. 10000 means 100% sample in default.
  sampleRate: 10000

>   # Default trace latency time that replaces the 'agent-analyzer.default.slowTraceSegmentThreshold' since version 8.7.0

Reviewer: Same as https://github.com/apache/skywalking/pull/7554/files#r695368325. This should be moved and corrected.

  # Setting this threshold about the latency would make the slow trace segments sampled if they cost more time, even the sampling mechanism activated. The default value is `-1`, which means would not sample slow traces. Unit, millisecond.
  duration: -1
services:
  - name: serverName

>     sampleRate: 1000 # sampling rate of this service which named {name}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    rate: 1000 # sampling rate of this service which named {name}
```
You are using `duration` as another threshold name, this should be in the consistent style

>     duration: 10000 # trace latency time of this service which named {name}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    duration: 10000 # Trace latency threshold for trace sampling for this specific service
```
